# Capstone Project for IBM Data Science Professional Certificate.
Thsi repository contains my work for the Capstone Project for IBM Data Science Professional Certificate on Coursera. This repository may cassionally may contain other work from other parts of the IBM Data Science Professional Certificate. 

## Overview
The capstone project is meant to deliver business insights to a hypothetical company called SpaceY that is competing against the company SpaceX in space exploration. SpaceX, the well-known company for spacecraft manufacturing, satellite communications and space launch service, is able to maintain a business edge on space exploration because it reuses parts of its rockets, significantly decreasing their operation cost. According to its website, SpaceX can launch one of its rockets, Falcon 9, with 62 million dollars; other providers may spend more than 165 million dollars for a rocket launch into space. In our hypothetical company SpaceY that has similar technology as SpaceX, I'll be exploring how SpaceY can analyze the data on Falcon 9 to optimize the success of future launches. 

## Further description of my work
My work involves data collection, data wrangling, data analysis, data visualization, and presentation of my findings. Through REST SpaceX APIs, I accessed data regarding SpaceX's Falcon 9 launches, including launch date, launch success/failure, landing success/failure, the reason of each failure, launch site, and the orbit that a mission traveled in space. Through use of various machine learning models in Python, I was able to predict whether a Falcon 9 launch will succeed or fail with 83% accuracy given its features. I also used Plotly's Dash to create an interactive Dash application, the code of which is included for review.
